The entire installation at Cheyenne Mountain was designated the Cheyenne Mountain Air Station by February 1995.
In 2000, the installation was renamed Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station. 
That year all Air Force Space Command Air Stations in the United States have been redesignated as Air Force Stations.
At one time, the Air Force Station was the site of NORAD's Air Defense Operations Center.
That function, along with other day-to-day NORAD operational missions moved to the NORAD and USNORTHCOM headquarters building on Peterson Air Force Base.
Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station is supported and operated by the 21st Space Wing, which is headquartered at Peterson Air Force Base and under the command of 14th Air Force and Air Force Space Command. 
In addition to supporting Peterson Air Force Base, the wing conducts operation space missions such as operating missile warning radar and cataloging objects in space for the U.S. Strategic Command. 
Those operational missions are managed by the 21st Operations Group.
The 21st Space Wing operates radar systems in the United States and worldwide, monitoring for launches of ballistic missiles and new space systems up to 22,300 miles (35,900 km) above the earth. 
As of 2014, there are at least 20 countries able to launch long-range weapons, including chemical, biological, and nuclear weapons.[14] 
Cheyenne Mountain AFS force support and logistics services are provided by the 21st Mission Support Group at Peterson AFB. 
All other support such as equipment and facilities, including the Integrated Tactical Warning and Attack Assessment (ITW/AA) weapon system, are operated and maintained by the 721st Mission Support Group of the 21st Space Wing.
The 721 Mission Support Group is located at Cheyenne Mountain. 
The 721st Civil Engineering Squadron operated from 1966. 
Under Col. Joseph Turk, 721st Mission Support Group Commander at the time, it was reactivated, reversing a 2004 action where its functions were outsourced. 
The last active duty commander was Lt. Col. Todd Wynn, who is now retired. 
It was re-activated on July 17, 2012, bringing some of the functions in-house under civilian employees. 
The civil engineering squadron is responsible for the engineering, maintenance, and "operation of the complex".
In 2006, the Space Control Center, the command and control hub for space surveillance in the United States, transferred its operations to the newly created Joint Space Operations Center (JSpOC) from Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station. 
The JSpOC belongs to United States Strategic Command's Joint Functional Component for Space (JFCC SPACE); it is not part of NORAD or U.S. Northern Command. 
The Air Force Space Command support remained at the Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station under the 21st Space Wing's 721st Mission Support Group.
Global warning functions within the complex include the North American Aerospace Defense Command/U.S. Northern Command's Alternate Command Center, U.S. Strategic Command's Missile Warning Center, the 721st Global Strategic Warning/Space Surveillance System Center of the Integrated Tactical Warning/Attack Assessment system.
The Missile Warning Center, a directorate under USSTRATCOM's JFCC Space, was upgraded in June 2011, upon completion of a $2.9 million project over 18 months. 
It was funded by USSTRATCOM and resulted in newer computers, more efficient workspace, a new knowledge visual display, new joint worldwide intelligence communication systems, and a new electronic procedural checklist.
Tons of debris built up at the entrance to the Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station following heavy rainfall and a resulting rock slide in September 2013. 
The 4th Infantry Division, with support by the 615th Engineer Company, 52nd Engineer Battalion, of Fort Carson cleared away the debris from a rockslide and uprooted trees. 
The storm and resulting debris did not limit the Air Force Station's operations, according to the 721st Mission Support Group's commander Col. Travis Harsha, who became commander on July 11, 2013 for the now retired Col. Joseph Turk.
On September 5, 2013, Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station hosted an event with Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), local sheriffs and police chiefs, Army security forces, and Air Force security across several military installations about partnering for law enforcement and emergency management events, like terrorist threats, criminal activity, and forest fires. 
Partnering with law enforcement and the community helps to "foster information sharing and maximize joint training opportunities," according to Col. Travis Harsha, the CMAFS installation commander and 721st Mission Support Group Commander.